couldn't talk boylan Christ Mia a
thousand pounds I did not mean to scare
you who are you my name is Kurt Wagner
but normally I used the name night
caller that's a very cool name danke
that was my performing name when I was a
famous acrobat on all over Germany
perhaps you have held of me no I can't
say that I have pity I do so love the
spotlight but perhaps what I loves the
most was people's assumption that I was
just a regular human dressed in The
Devil's costume
could you tell me about the Sentinels
sentinels are pure evil in mechanized
form for a time the government funded a
program that built those mutant killing
machines how does sentinels work they
are programmed to scan for mutant DNA
and then kill any and all mutants their
shielding and weapons were built to
withstand all but the most powerful
attacks I have battled them before but
God protect me should I ever have to
again what's it like fighting a Sentinel
ah it is terrible I remember one battle
in particular the x-men was summoned to
New York to help a friend in trouble
spynet crawler I'll feed to say now
listen
where's Remmy he said he'd be here I
don't like this something ain't right
bulova how can you live being so
suspicious of everything and everyone
the only reason I'm still livings
because i am so suspicious mutant DNA
identified activate primary objective
destroy mutant subjects look out
got it tomball sweet dreams sucker
yes
ok
Oh
stay near me
will do right
combo Mombo
got it
group together x-men yeah
you